There are three types of variables with respect to their scope
 local variables:
    if a variable is created inside a block of code like a method, loop, if condition etc they are called
    local variables.
 Upside:
    Local variables occupy the memory for the shortest period of time. You should always try to write code
    with the help of local variables.
 Downside:
      They can not be accessed outside  the block in which they are created. They have very limited scope.
 Instance variables:
     All the variables which are created inside a class but outside the methods are called instance variables.
 Upside:
        We can use them in all the instance methods of that class.Their scope is larger than local variables.
  static variables:
Downside:
   They stay longer in the memory as compared to local variables.
   static variables:
     All the variables which are outside of methods and have the static keyword are called static variables.
Upside:
  Static variables only occupy one memory location from the RAM even though we create 10000 objects of that class.
  They can be used in any block of code inside the class they can be used  they can be accessed in any methods of
  a class they can also be accessed with the help of  any object of that class. They have most wide scope
Downside:
   They are loaded into the memory when a class is loaded even though you do not use them.

   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Access modifiers?
      Access modifiers are some keywords in JAva that we can use to control the accsess of
      variables,methods and classes.
      There are 4 access levels private protected default public
      And There are 3 keywords that we can use to control this access for example
      private protected abd public.
  Private:
    If we write private keyword with a variable or a method or a class we can access that variable or method or class
    within the same class.
 Default:
    default is not a keyword. When we don't write any access modifiers with variables or methods or classes
    default access is applies automaticly by java, which means these variables methods or classes
    can be accessed inside any other class which is present inside the same package.
  PPublic:
    public is a keyword.When it is written any variable or method or class it means any class in your project
    can access